---
title: "Reflections on Research by Dr. David Koilpillai"
collection: talk
type: "EE Research Club, Inaugural Session"
permalink: /talks/2023-02-09-talk-3
venue: "ESB 127"
date: 2022-02-09
location: "Chennai, India"
---

The EE Research Club, a newly formed entity under the EEA, is excited to invite you to its inaugural session, featuring a talk by Prof. David Koilpillai on his reflections on research, and a brief overview of various research areas in our department.

Prof. David Koilpillai is the Qualcomm Institute Chair Professor, and the Former Head of the Department of Electrical Engineering here at IIT Madras. Having obtained his B.Tech degree from the same Department, he received his MS and PhD degrees from the California Institute of Technology, Pasadena. Prof. David has been a faculty member at IIT Madras since 2002, and primarily works in the areas of communication and signal processing. Prof. David would be sharing his insights on navigating through the research journey and succeeding in research, alongwith his experience on working as a researcher here at IIT Madras in his student days.

On popular demand, the talk would be followed by an overview of the various research streams in our Department. Over the course of the semester, we aim to cover the cutting-edge developments happening in each of these streams in detail. For those of you who are still curious of what we are trying to do, we have a brief introduction planned about the club as well.

Slides from the talk: [link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1afZ8Hj8RsQJaqZB7bjKFB_xZO5BUphf6/view?usp=sharing)
